---
title: Terms of Service
layout: en
permalink: tos/
---

{% include work-in-progress.html %}

## The gist:

We (the [folks at Podigee](https://www.podigee.com/about)) run a podcast and web site hosting service called [Podigee.com](https://www.podigee.com) and would **love** for you to use it. Our service is free to try for the first 14 days, and we offer paid upgrades to use the service after this period. Our service is designed to give you as much control and ownership over what goes on your site as possible and encourage you to express yourself freely. However, be responsible in what you publish. In particular, make sure that none of the prohibited items listed below appear on your site or get linked to from your site (things like spam, viruses, or hate content).

If you find a site hosted via Podigee that you believe violates our terms of service, please [contact us](mailto:hello@podigee.com?subject=Possible TOS violation).

### Terms of Service:

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Podigee website and all content, services and products available at or through the website, including, but not limited to, Podigee.com (the management part) and Podigee.io (the public blog part), (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned and operated by Podigee Gbr (“Podigee”). The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, [Podigees’s Privacy Policy](https://www.podigee.com/privacy)) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Podigee (collectively, the “Agreement”).

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the Website, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Podigee, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.

1. **Your Podigee.com Account and Podigee.io Site.** If you create a podcast on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and podcast, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the podcast. You must not describe or assign keywords to your podcast in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Podigee may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Podigee liability. You must immediately notify Podigee of any unauthorized uses of your podcast, your account or any other breaches of security. Podcast will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

2. **Responsibility of Contributors.** If you operate a podcast, comment on a podcast, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio or video file, or computer software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:

    * the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
    * if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
    * you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
    * the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
    * the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
    * the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
    * your blog is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
    * your podcast is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your podcasts’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own; and
    * you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by Podigee or otherwise.

	By submitting Content to Podigee for inclusion on your Website, you grant Podigee a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your podcast. If you delete Content, Podigee will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.

	Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Podigee has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Podigee’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Podigee’s reasonable opinion, violates any Podigee policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in Podigee’s sole discretion. Podigee will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.

3. **Payment and Renewal.**

    * **General Terms. **
Paid services are available on the Website. By selecting a paid plan you agree to pay Podigee the monthly subscription fees indicated for that Service. Payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for the Service and will cover the use of that Service for a monthly subscription period as indicated. Paid fees are not refundable.
    * **Automatic Renewal. **
Unless you notify Podigee before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to cancel the Service, your Service subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable monthly subscription fee for such Service (as well as any taxes) using any credit card have on record for you. The Service can be canceled at any time in the Account settings section of your site’s dashboard.
  
4. **Responsibility of Website Visitors.** Podigee has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Podigee does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Podigee disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.

5. **Content Posted on Other Websites.** We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Podigee.com or Podigee.io links, and that link to Podigee.com or Podigee.io. Podigee does not have any control over those non-Podigee websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Podigee website or webpage, Podigee does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Podigee disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Podigee websites and webpages.

TODO: This needs work
6. **Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.** As Podigee asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by Podigee.com or Podigee.io violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Podigee in accordance with [Automattic’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy][16]. Automattic will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. Automattic will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Automattic or others. In the case of such termination, Automattic will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to Automattic.

7. **Intellectual Property.** This Agreement does not transfer from Podigee to you any Podigee or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Podigee. Podigee, Podigee.com, Podigee.io, the Podigee logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Podigee.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Podigee or Podigee’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Podigee or third-party trademarks.

8. **Changes.** Podigee reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Podigee may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

9. **Termination.** Podigee may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Podigee account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

10. **Disclaimer of Warranties.** The Website is provided “as is”. Podigee and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Podigee nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.

11. **Limitation of Liability.** In no event will Podigee, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Podigee under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. Podigee shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

12. **General Representation and Warranty.** You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the Podigee Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

13. **Indemnification.** You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Podigee, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.

14. **Miscellaneous.** This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Podigee and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Podigee, or by the posting by Podigee of a revised version.

	Except where otherwise required by the mandatory law of the United States or any member state of the European Union this Agreement is subject to the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, excluding the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) and excluding the principles of conflict of laws (international private law) and you hereby agree, and Podigee agrees, to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Berlin, Germany for resolution of any dispute, action or proceeding arising in connection with this Agreement.

	The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Podigee may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
